Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to store the impact of the user to a variable.
Okay, now to do this, first of all, we need to create a variable and this is going to be for the
price.
And since we are not giving it a value at this moment, we can say it's going to be a type of lit and
it's also going to be a type of double, which is a type of decimal or a variable that has the decimal
point that is the dot and we're going to call this variable price.
Or we can we can just go with price and it's going to be empty and also.
When we mean double, we are basically referring to numbers like this.
Ten dots, nine.
Nine.
Right.
Okay.
And now we are going to create a variable to store the value that is the quantity value.
And this is also going to be a late then it's going to be a type of int that is the number which had
the similar maybe hundred and 200, 200 and so on.
Okay.
So it's going to be a type of INT and we're going to call this quantity.
Quantity.
Okay.
And the next variable we have to create is for the product name.
We can say late.
And it's going to be that type of string because it is a test and we're going to call this product name.
Product name.
And the last variable we need is for the product description.
And it is also going to be a test and we can then say products.
Description.
Okay, great.
And now we have to use all these variables to do that within the test phone field.
Okay.
This is for the price within the test home field.
It has a property known as on change, which is a callback.
And within the parentheses we're going to pass in the value which is referring to whatsoever input.
This is going to type in.
And now what we can say is price is going to be equal to.
Valley.
Okay.
And now you can see we have this error.
And the reason for this error is because the value is expecting.
A string is especially string as a value.
You can see value of type string can't be assigned to a variable of type double.
So you can see basically is is a pattern it test, right?
So what we can do, we can convert this value to a double.
And to do that, we have to say double.
Double dot pos.
Dirt.
Boer.
Dubber Okay, so.
Hopefully I can spare double.
Double dot pass and pass in the value.
Okay.
Simms Good.
And we also need to do that for the quantity.
Quantity and value on change value.
And now we have to say, what quantity?
Quantity is going to be equal to value.
And of course, it is a pattern, a data type of string.
So what we have to do, we have to convert this the string to and he'd like to do that.
We have to say Heinz.
It's.
Hence the -- pass.
And now we have to pass the value.
Okay.
Seems good.
And we also need to do this for the product name.
Product name and change.
Value.
And what we have to say now is product name.
Product name is equal to value and, you know, default, it is a specified string.
So we don't need to do any further configuration.
And lastly.
The OC on change.
Value.
And now you can say product description.
It's going to be equal to value.
Seems good.
And what we can also do, we can just print out the result.
If it is valid, then what we simply want to do is to print out the the prize.
Trains the quantity.
And.
Com.
See?
Quantity OC.
And price.
So print's product name.
Put that name.
And Prince.
Product description.
Okay.
Hopefully I spell to this.
I think I think I spelt it wrong.
And this is going to be quantity.
One key.
What's the dry spell?
Quantity.
I think my spelling is wrong.
This is not the spelling of quantity.
And I'm just going to copy from this.
Okay.
This should be the spelling of quantity.
I think I did seem.
Okay.
Is concerned.
As I say, we're just going to change that later if it is not correct.
Or you can just change yours.
Okay.
And the prize is going to be $10, nine, $9.
The quantity is we have five items of this product and four the product name is going to be goosey.
And for you can just say best selling.
Go see.
Gucci clothes.
And click on upload.
You can see the fields are valid so we expect it gets printed over the new terminar.
Newton Manor and OC Hotspots.
Okay.
You can see.
And hopefully now you've mastered everything.
You can see the price.
And we said it's going to be a double.
So it has a decimal point or it is always a special decimal point.
And we said the the quantity is going to be on inch.
That is a number without the decimal point or without the dots and the test over here and you can see
the the product name and the product description.
Okay, good guys say in the next lecture.